It's over.
Please feel if the cyst has become smaller and no longer painful.
It did get smaller.
And it doesn't hurt to the touch.
It shows that my method still works
But your situation is a bit complicated
Needs physiotherapy every day
It's going to last a month.
Thanks a lot.
How about I treat you to a movie or dinner?
Uh let's eat
But another day
I've been a little busy lately
Oh ok then come back to me tomorrow night
Hey
Yaoyao, have you looked better recently?
Thank you, Mei
Zhang Feng
You had something to do last night.
It seems that a patient has come to ask you to take a look.
OK, let's go. OK.
Then Yaoyao, let's go first. Okay.
Come find me tomorrow night, night?
That's great.